Add gitlab-event (#275)
openfaas/openfaas-cloud: docs/README.md

* GitLab instance

* Configured system hook

* Additional secret for the Secret Token

* `Install` tag applied to projects which are intended for the instance

### Configure the base URL to your GitLab instance

In `gitlab.yml` add the base URL of your GitLab instance in field `gitlab_instance`. 

Example:

```
...
      gitlab_instance: "https://gitlab.example.com/"
...
```

### Configure your System Hook

In your GitLab instance enter the admin area then System Hooks.

In the URL field add the URL of your entrypoint to `gitlab-event` function. Example would be:

* `https://system.domain.xyz/gitlab-event` in case you have of-router running

* `https://www.domain.xyz/function/system-gitlab-event` in case you have of-router turned off

Set up Secret Token along with the URL.

Create `gitlab-webhook-secret` secret that contains the token mentioned above on your OpenFaaS instance the following way:

Kubernetes:

```
kubectl create secret generic -n openfaas-fn gitlab-webhook-secret --from-literal gitlab-webhook-secret="<your_token_here>"
```

Swarm:

```
echo -n "<your_token_here>" | docker secret create payload-secret -
```

> This equivalence to the `payload-secret` that GitHub provides.

Reviewer: This is an equivalence

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is equivalent to the `payload-secret` that GitHub provides.
```
